IBX-6717: Recent activity (#2161)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/search/activity_log_search_reference/action_criterion.md

# Action Criterion

The `ActionCriterion` Activity Log Criterion

> matches activity log group having a log entry with one of the given actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
matches activity log group that has a log entry with one of the given actions.
```

## Argument

> - `actions` - list of action name strings. A set of built-in names is available as `ActivityLogServiceInterface`'s `ACTION_` prefixed constants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `actions` - list of action name strings.
A set of built-in names is available as `ActivityLogServiceInterface`'s `ACTION_` prefixed constants.
```
